Hello and welcome to Icon Library manager. In this video I will show you how to create and update icon libraries by importing svg files.
First, let’s import our files.
I will use the carbon icon set for this video, which you can get on GitHub or npm.
For this demo I’m installing an older version, so we can see the update process later.
Navigate to the folder called „svg“ and accept. This will take a second.
Now, ILM displays all files in the selected folder and any subfolders and we can create our library.
The plugin automatically turned all icons into components. As you can see on the left, the original folder structure is preserved.
Let’s publish the library.
In my design file I can now enable the library and insert icons. Great!
Time to go back to the library and update it with the latest version of carbon icons. I’ve already downloaded them in to this folder.
Make sure to always select the same folder when importing icons, so ILM can track changed icons.
Now we get a list of all changes that have occurred between the old version in my file and the one I just imported.
Green are new icons and blue changed.
Here are some more
Let’s apply the changes
As you can see the list got a bit larger, because there are about 300 new icons.
ILM also undated the changed icons. So in the library update, they are marked correctly as „modified“.
So now we can update the Figma library and as you can see, some components were changed.
Thank you for watching!